2014 Sep 21

.`` for blockquote

2014 Sep 19

Allow ``` to be preceded by spaces

2014 Sep 17

Accept AsciiDoc-style links.

URLs shouldn't contain brackets.

2014 Sep 12

Recognize :emoji:.

2014 Aug 22

Clean up function Clean_up_urls -- shouldn't have space before >
in <a href="...">

Accept GFM-style links and image specs: [...](...) and
![...](...)

2014 Aug 21

Call ex with -u NONE

2014 Jun 25

Use HTML5 doctype

2014 Jun 12

Use .!! for inserting jpegs (.JPEG deprecated)

2014 Jun 17

Use .+/.++ for inserting footnotes (.FS/.FE deprecated)

2014 Jun 16

... shouldn't cause lisphilite to choke

< > & should be verbatimized in subfiles (.so'd files) too

2014 Apr 11

& inside URLs should not be HTMLized

2013 Sep 9

# ... ## produces just HTML title, nothing in text

2013 Apr 1

Shunt pdf part into a subscript txt2page_pdf

2013 Mar 31

| tables also translated for pdf

2013 Mar 23

# introduces doc title if single # closes it.  Otherwise regular
section title.

2013 Mar 19

Insert a &nbsp; for a blank line within a listing; this is only
for lynx, which compresses successive <br/>s into one.

2013 Mar 18

lisphilite.rkt

2013 Mar 15

lisphilite.lisp a standalone filter, doesn't depend on tex2page.

2013 Mar 13

'^\*\s' for top-level bulleted grafs.

2013 Mar 12

For an input file f.txt tack on any f__*.txt files that exist.
This is to add navigation-bar info without hardcoding it into the
main file. (Of course you can put the nav bar in the main file
too if you want.  But I'd like to be able to rearrange chapters
without modifying the main text.) Use _ as placeholder in navbar
for greyed-out parts (e.g., for first and last page).

Allow *...* URL to be split across (2 or 3?) lines.

.%%% creates visible anchors.

2013 Mar 11

.%% to create anchors (HTML node names).  Refer to them as
./#anchor for anchor in own file, and ./anotherfile#anchor for
anchors in another file.

Make sure that hrefs convert from source
extension to .html.  Source document can keep source extension to
facilitate file navigaton (vim gf) entirely in source.

Leading .'s inside ``` are automatically escaped.

Added lisphilite.sh (which depends on tex2page for now).
Highlights any annotated ``` as lisp. Any additional lisp symbols
to be recognized as keywords should be put in ./.lispwords.

syntaxhl.css.

2013 Mar 10

Added GFM-style sections (with leading & possible trailing #'s) and
listings (```).

``...`` -- this allows ` to be enclosed.

2013 Feb 17

Convert some -'s to minus signs. E.g. 3 - 2, -2, ->, but not
123-4567 or 980-123-4567.

2012 Nov 16

Incorporated PDF conversion capability into txt2page.  The -Tpdf
option creates a PDF page

2012 Nov 14

txt2pdffile: a leading period that isn't part of a command gets
an implicit \& prefix

txtpage: -s option (previously -soelim): so named to share syntax
with groff.  With -s, any .so files within the document is
immediately inserted (and recursively), instead of being treated
as a link to another HTML file (presumably created with another
call to txt2page).  Thus, one comprehensive HTML output page is
created.

txt2page: don't allow .txt extension of argument filename to be
optional.  This is less TeX-like but more troff-like

Simplify footnote mark syntax: ^^[sym]

Allow \ (except for \"comment) to show up as itself in PDF

2012 Nov 9

Corrected indentation and lineskip errors caused if very first
line is indented.

2012 Sep 28

Links to files with same extension as source are treated as links
to corresponding HTML files and displayed as such.

2012 Sep 7

call pdf-generator txt2pdffile. Do not assume a suitable
~/troffrc, have script include txt2page.tmac explicitly

2012 Sep 3

-- that starts a line within a nofill env is eligible for
conversion to em-dash

.HTL for HTML-only title

2012 Aug 9

Added script t2pdf.sh that generates (single-file) PDF.

.\" treated as comment.

2012 Aug 8

.JPEG's position argument treated correctly for HTML, instead of
always being centred.

2012 Jul 24

convert @twitterhandle to hyperlink

2012 Jun 29

Add <!doctype ... "...loose.dtd">.  Otherwise css is not read
properly.

2011 Dec 30

added .**

2011 Dec 29

added .*

2011 Dec 27

added .SSS .SIV .SV .SVI

when determining <title>, remove any hrefs

2011 Dec 16

added a -soelim option.  With -soelim, any .so <file> <text> is
treated as an immediately sourceable file, and not as a
hyperlink.  Also, .NAV bars are ignored.  This option can be used
to generate from a ToC-style txt (i.e. with many calls to .so
<file> <text> that point to other files for the various chapters)
the entire document as a single HTML file (which can later be
converted to a single PDF, using wkhtmltopdf, say).

.TOC <text> gets converted to <text> in general mode, and to
nothing in -soelim mode.  Use .TOC <text> to set a Table of
Contents title, e.g.  .TOC .SH Contents.  For print, define .TOC
appropriately: In addition to setting the ToC title, it could
slurp in the actual ToC.

2011 Nov 24

a bit more documentation

2011 Nov 19

recognize protocol-less URIs whose first component ends in
co.[[:alpha:]]\{2}

2011 Nov 18

./pathname, "./pathname" converted to links

2011 Nov 14

.EX/.EE

nav bars should not show in print

2011 Nov 13

.JPEG
